https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Abidjan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Addis Ababa
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Ahmedabad
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Alexandria
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Ankara
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Austin, Texas
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Baghdad
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Bangalore
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Bangkok
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Beihai
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Beijing
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Berkeley, California
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Berlin
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Boston
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Buenos Aires
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Busan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Cairo
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Cape Town
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Casablanca
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Changchun
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Changsha
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Charlotte, North Carolina
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Chengdu
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Chennai
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Chicago
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Chongqing
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Columbus, Ohio
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Dalian
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Dallas
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Dar es Salaam
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Delhi
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Denver
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Detroit
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Dhaka
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Dongguan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Durban
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Ekurhuleni
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=El Paso, Texas
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Faisalabad
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Fort Worth, Texas
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Foshan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Frankfurt
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Fuzhou
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Giza
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Guangzhou
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Guiyang
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Haikou
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Hangzhou
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Hanoi
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Harbin
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Hefei
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Ho Chi Minh City
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Houston
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Huhhot
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Hyderabad
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Indianopolis
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Istanbul
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Jacksonville, Florida
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Jaipur
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Jakarta
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Jeddah
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Jinan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Johannesburg
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Kabul
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Kanpur
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Karachi
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Kolkata
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Kunming
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Lagos
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Lahore
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Lanzhou
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Lima
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=London
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Los Angeles
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Madrid
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Manila
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Memphis, Tennessee
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Mexico City
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Moscow
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Mumbai
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Nairobi
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Nanchang
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Nanjing
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Nanning
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=New Taipei City
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=New York City
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Ningbo
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Oakland, California
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Paris
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Peshawar
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Philadelphia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Phoenix, Arizona
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Pune
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Pyongyang
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Qingdao
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Quanzhou
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Rawalpindi
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Rio de Janeiro
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Riyadh
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Saint Petersburg
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=San Antonio
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=San Diego
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=San Francisco
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=San Jose, California
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Santiago
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Sanya
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=São Paulo
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Seattle
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Seoul
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Shanghai
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Shantou
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Shenyang
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Shenzhen
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Shijiazhuang
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Singapore
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Surat
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Suzhou
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Taiyuan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Tehran
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Tianjin
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Tokyo
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Urumqi
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Washington, D.C.
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Wenzhou
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Wuhan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Wuxi
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Xiamen
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Yangon
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Yinchuan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Yokohama
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Zhengzhou
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Zhongshan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Zunyi
