https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Abkhazia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Afghanistan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Albania
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Algeria
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Andorra
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Angola
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Antigua and Barbuda
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Argentina
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Armenia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Australia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Austria
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Azerbaijan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Bahrain
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Bangladesh
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Barbados
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Belarus
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Belgium
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Belize
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Benin
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Bhutan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Bolivia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Bosnia and Herzegovina
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Botswana
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Brazil
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Brunei
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Bulgaria
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Burkina Faso
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Burma
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Burundi
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Cambodia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Cameroon
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Canada
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Cape Verde
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Central African Republic
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Chad
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Chile
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=China
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Colombia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Comoros
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Cook Islands
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Costa Rica
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Croatia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Cuba
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Cyprus
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Czech Republic
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Democratic Republic of the Congo
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Denmark
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Djibouti
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Dominica
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Dominican Republic
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=East Timor
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Ecuador
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Egypt
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=El Salvador
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Equatorial Guinea
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Eritrea
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Estonia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Ethiopia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Federated States of Micronesia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Fiji
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Finland
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=France
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Gabon
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Georgia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Georgia (country)
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Germany
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Greece
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Grenada
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Guatemala
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Guinea
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Guinea-Bissau
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Guyana
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Haiti
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Honduras
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Hungary
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Iceland
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=India
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Indonesia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Iran
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Iraq
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Ireland
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Israel
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Italy
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Jamaica
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Japan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Jordan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Kazakhstan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Kenya
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Kiribati
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Kosovo
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Kuwait
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Kyrgyzstan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Laos
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Latvia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Lebanon
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Lesotho
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Liberia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Libya
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Liechtenstein
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Lithuania
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Luxembourg
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Macedonia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Madagascar
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Malawi
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Malaysia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Maldives
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Mali
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Malta
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Marshall Islands
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Mauritania
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Mauritius
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Mexico
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Moldova
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Monaco
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Mongolia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Montenegro
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Morocco
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Mozambique
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Nagorno-Karabakh
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Namibia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Nauru
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Nepal
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Netherlands
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=New Zealand
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Nicaragua
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Niger
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Nigeria
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Niue
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=North Korea
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Northern Cyprus
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Norway
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Oman
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Pakistan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Palau
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Palestine
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Panama
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Papua New Guinea
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Paraguay
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Peru
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Philippines
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Poland
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Portugal
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Qatar
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Romania
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Russia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Rwanda
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Saint Kitts and Nevis
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Saint Lucia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Samoa
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=San Marino
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Saudi Arabia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=São Tomé and Príncipe
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Senegal
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Serbia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Seychelles
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Sierra Leone
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Singapore
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Slovakia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Slovenia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Solomon Islands
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Somalia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Somaliland
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=South Africa
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=South Korea
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=South Ossetia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=South Sudan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Spain
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Sri Lanka
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Sudan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Swaziland
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Sweden
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Switzerland
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Syria
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Taiwan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Tajikistan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Tanzania
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Thailand
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=The Bahamas
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=The Gambia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Togo
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Tonga
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Transnistria
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Trinidad and Tobago
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Tunisia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Turkey
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Turkmenistan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Tuvalu
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Uganda
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Ukraine
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=United Arab Emirates
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=United Kingdom
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=United States
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Uruguay
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Uzbekistan
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Vanuatu
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Vatican City
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Venezuela
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Vietnam
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Yemen
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Zambia
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=ja&format=json&titles=Zimbabwe
