https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Adele
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Ariana Grande
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Avicii
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Bruno Mars
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Carly Rae Jepsen
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Christina Perri
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Demi Lovato
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Drake (rapper)
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Ed Sheeran
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Ellie Goulding
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Eminem
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Jennifer Lopez
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Justin Bieber
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Katy Perry
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Ludacris
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Meghan Trainor
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Michael Jackson
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Miley Cyrus
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Nicki Minaj
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Pitbull (rapper)
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Psy
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Rihanna
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Romeo Santos
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Selena Gomez
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Shakira
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Sia (musician)
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Taylor Swift
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Wiz Khalifa
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Zayn Malik
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&prop=langlinks&lllang=fi&format=json&titles=Zendaya
